# Meeting Notes 

## Oct 3, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Martha Snelgrove 
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 3, 2023  
**Venue:**  Discord 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  4-5 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody Chaudhary,Vansh

### Architecture
Typical Architecture

### Responsibilities
1. Project Server - Cody Cribb
2. App Logic - Martha Snelgrove
3. User Info - Mayesha Jashim
4. HTML Construction - Vansh Chaudhary
5. Data Store - Brady Mitchelmore

### Strategy for Initial Tasks
We will use the code from challenge 9 to create a working web-server to initialize the project

---

## Oct 4, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Brady Mitchelmore
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 4, 2023  
**Venue:**  Discord 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  6-7 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody Chaudhary,Vansh

### Agenda
- Assign a scrum-master for next meeting
- Discuss module and service interface definitions
- Define source-control strategy
- Pull Request Deadline

### Agenda Items
- Brady Mitchelmore will be SCRUM master for next meeting
- Cody Cribb will be note taker for next meeting
- Each team member with come up with an abstract STUB of their service
- We will be using the Trunk based souce control strategy
- **PULL REQUEST DEADLINE - October 17th**

---

## Oct 5, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Cody Cribb
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 5, 2023
**SCRUM Master:** Brady Mitchelmore  
**Venue:**  In Class (EN 2040) 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  1-2 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody Chaudhary,Vansh

### Agenda
- Set up project issue tracker and KanBan board.
- Set release cycle 1 schedule for final pull-requests.
- Code reviews and performance reviews. (Outline has been created)
- Draft the software process for the project.
- Review the progress on defining service and module interfaces.

### Agenda Items
- Cody Cribb will be SCRUM master for next meeting
- Mayesha Jashim will be note taker for next meeting
- Layout of the overall project was discussed in terms of structure
- Layout of the project was created by Brady Mitchelmore

### SCRUM Notes
- STUBs were assigned in KanBan board, discussed how they would work together
- KanBan board assignments were tasked to different group members regarding responsibilities.
 
---

## Oct 12, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Mayesha Jashim
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 12, 2023
**SCRUM Master:** Martha Snelgrove
**Venue:**  In Class (EN 2040) and Discord 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  1-2 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody Chaudhary,Vansh

### Agenda
- Deadline for uploading stubs with docstrings: Upload stubs by tonight (Oct 12)
- Scrum master (Martha) will assign tasks in the Kanban Board
- We will do code reviews via pull request. (Add feedbacks, approve or request changes accordingly)
- Update the READ.ME after merging all the working codes.
- Create individual unittest. 
- Scrum master assigned tasks to each member in the Kanban board
### Tasks Assigned
- Create SessionManager class (Mayesha)
- Create WebServer class (Cody)
- Create Routes for Stub Methods (Cody)
- Create template for each route (Vaansh)
- Create dtata properties for classes (Martha)
---

## Oct 16, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Martha Snelgrove
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 16, 2023
**SCRUM Master:** Mayesha Jashim
**Venue:**  In Class (EN 2040) 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  1-2 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody (**absent** Chaudhary,Vansh)

## Agenda
- Review code and progress
- Next SCRUM master

## Agenda Items
- Vansh will be next SCRUM master
- reviewed each others code made notes of changes to be made to make sure code sections will integrate correctly tomorrow
- Deadline for initial code tomorrow, all code should be submitted to allow group to debug on the 18-20th

## SCRUM Notes
- We will add task to comment code and make it PEP8 complient
- Add tests for methods

---

## Oct 17, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Brady Mitchelmore
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 17, 2023
**SCRUM Master:** Cody Cribb
**Venue:**  In Class (EN 2040) 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  1-2 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody (**absent** Chaudhary,Vansh)

## Agenda
- What elements of the first sprint will be completed
- What tasks, documents, and marking scheme elements will not be completed in time for the first sprint
- Decisions about continuing some tasks into the next sprint

## Agenda Items
- The elements of the first sprint that will be complete is the database operations, and a minimal running server
- The user_management is close to being completed and the server is also getting close
- Still waiting on templates to be used when rendering pages

## Scrum Notes
- app_logic and data_management now implemented
- Assigned tasks to create unit tests for our methods, includes 1 succcess and 1 failure case ofr each method. (exludes `server_app.py` for sprint 1)
- Add tests for methods

---

## Oct 19, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Cody Cribb 
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 19, 2023
**SCRUM Master:** Brady Mitchelmore
**Venue:**  In Class (EN 2040) 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  1-2 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody (**absent** Chaudhary,Vansh)

## Agenda
- Performance reviews.
- Final integration of bug fixes.
- Reassigning unfinished tasks.

## Agenda Items
- Folder will be created for everyone to add a markdown file to for performance reviews.
- File integration, in a code review, we checked code for bugs and made issues on the KanBan board to fix them. 
- Action items from team members were left unfinished and were reassigned to Cody with Brady's support. 

## Scrum Notes
- Issues were created for individual performance reviews.
- Bugs added.
- HTML and template tasks were reassigned. 

---

# Sprint 2

## Oct 24, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Brady Mitchelmore
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 24, 2023
**SCRUM Master:** Martha Snelgrove
**Venue:**  In Class (EN 2040) 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  1-2 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody (**absent** Chaudhary,Vansh)

## Agenda
- identify team tasks for 2nd sprint 
- identify tasks still not completed from sprint 1
- identify features for 2nd sprint
- decompose features into coding tasks
- try to identify possible interface revisions required for coding tasks
- assign design and coding tasks for 2nd sprint and set deadlines for activities
- especially pull request deadline for final sprint submissions.

## Agenda Items
- All tasks were complete in sprint 1, excpet vansh performance reviews
- We need to allow multiple users to be active at the same time
- We need to be able search for reviews based on users and topics to the best match
- get tests working effectively, add postman tests for server_app
- Set up rating reviews templates and routes, adjust db schema as neccessary
- Revise typehints to match code
- Tasks will be assigned after concensous on the implementations
- **Pull Request Deadline - November 7th**

---

## Oct 26, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Cody Cribb 
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 26, 2023
**SCRUM Master:** Brady Mitchelmore
**Venue:**  In Class (EN 2040) 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  1-2 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody (**absent** Chaudhary,Vansh)

## Agenda
- Distribute tasks to team members.
- Allowing multiple users to access the server at the same time is functional.
- Update templates to add rating reviews templates, along with searching functionality for topics and reviews.
- Separation of concerns. 
- Get tests working for modules.
- Fix the issue where users can access dashboard without being logged in.

## Agenda Items
- Identied tasks still not completed from sprint 1
- Assigned design and coding tasks for 2nd sprint and set deadlines for activities.
- Add method that checks if the user is logged in before accessing a specific page.
- Update data storage to be able to query for reviews based on user and topic.

## SCRUM Notes
- Ensure tests are running properly. 
- Create issue related to implementing user review ratings.
- Create issue related to fixing bugs with server_app.
- Create issue related to updating data storage.

## Oct 31, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Mayesha Jashim 
**Notes submiited on:** Nov 1, 2023
**SCRUM Master:** Cody Cribb
**Venue:**  In Class (EN 2040) 
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  1-2 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody (**absent** Chaudhary,Vansh)

## Agenda
- review architecture document contributions
- changes to interfaces entailed by detailed architecture design
- tasks needed for new interface considerations
- think of two other functionalities 

## Agenda Items
- delete button for reviews
- add comment section for reviews 
- create github function for automated testing
- add a ERD diagram for database
- add CSS styling for aesthetics

## SCRUM Notes
- create an issue to implement delete button for individual members
- create an issue to implement comment section for individual members
- Martha is assigned with making server architecture
- Brady is assigned with automated testing
- Martha is assigned with CSS styling

---

## Nov 1, 2023 
**Recorded by:** Martha Snelgrove
**Notes submiited on:** Nov 1, 2023
**SCRUM Master:** Mayesha Jashim
**Venue:**  Library study room
**Source:** None 
**Time:**  3-4 
**Attendance:** Snelgrove,Martha, Jashim,Mayesha, Mitchelmore,Brady, Cribb,Cody (**absent** Chaudhary,Vansh)

## Agenda
- Establish new code review standards
- What is a user story and how do we make one?

## Agenda Items
- will plan a checklist to implement to approve pull requests 
- team will review class note-11 for next meetingso we can disscuss it further
- we need to figure out no module named bottle found error. It is only popping up on some computers including marker
- Tomorrow we will have meeting with proffessor to clarify some points on grading
- how to improve meetinga and SCRUM notes
- **new procedure** only person who made the request can merge it, others review and approve but do not merge. 1 approval for meeting notes and documentation attempt for 2 for code additions. Using new github actions will help this.
- isssue #92 Brady's adding new auto testing to our pull requests on github(will run all unnitests automatically and check for PEP8 compliance)
- Discuss use of tags for issues
- Discuss Vansh with proffessor tomorrow, did he drop the course?

## SCRUM Notes
- Kanban board
    - Brady being assigned git hub actions task #92 on Kanban board
    - new issue code review templates for pull/merge requests will assign to Brady
    - new issue re-establish label system for issues on kanban board
    - add communication issues to the backlog - assign no one